---
ID: 1203
post_title: L Blog
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/28/l-blog/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-28 13:21:09
---
<h1 style="text-align: center;">Today...</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">In Today's Liam's Blog Post, I am going to be talking about Australia's economy, the loss of loved ones, cancer and terminal illnesses, and including some of my favourite articles that I have found from various online magazines. I hope you enjoy!</p>

<h2 style="text-align: justify;">Quickly!</h2>
Consider subscribing? Get the latest news on any of our post categories that you sign up to! And even better, have FREE access to our e-book that lets you read our posts offline!

Also, click on this button to see the first in the Liam's Blog Series!

[button size="default" url="http://allianceofdroids.org.au/blog/2016/10/27/liamzblogno1/" open_new_tab="true" text="L Blog - Day 1" icon="" type="default" bottom_margin=""]
<h1 style="text-align: center;">My World Views</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">As you may have seen in the previous post in this series, I have a very outspoken opinion about various world issues. I have a different opinion on terrorism to many others. In today's World Views, I talk about Australia's economy!</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #00ff00;">Australia's <span style="color: #ffff00;">Economy</span></span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The Aussie Dollar is about 76 US cents. It hasn't been up in the 90's since 2012, when there was the major mining boom. Since then, the Aussie Dollar has slipped down to stay around the mid 70's. Some people can take advantage on this when exporting to America, but I can't when I am forced to buy droid parts, for example, from people in America. A part that is worth $195 US is worth $260 in my country!</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">In my opinion, the Australian Government and the Australian Workforce are still focusing on the Mining Boom. Most people in my country know that we are the mining country. We export oil, nickel, iron, and other ores. But we are too focused on the mining boom - which has already been and gone - to keep with the times.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">We should look forward, not backwards. You can't change the past, but you can change the future. America has a great economy because they keep with the times. Apple is an American company and one of the most profitable companies in the world. Australia don't have a tech producer/maker like America does (Apple), and we rely on importing to get these 'vital' items.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Since the so-called 'iPhone-Boom,' Australia's economy has slipped lower and lower down the economic rungs. We make money by exporting our ores from the mines, which can be used in technology - but it is not enough. We are in the dark, not willing to step out of the light, not willing to go away from what we know.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Australia needs to accept that the times have changed, that technology is a part of our culture now. We need to find more parts to the economy than mining.</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #000080;">Illnesses, <span style="color: #ff0000;">&amp; Cancer</span></span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000000;">In this part of today's blog, I will talk about these problems today. I will explain in detail about why I chose to do this today, and I hope you enjoy it. If you have a loved one who died recently, please comment down below so we know your story.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Some illnesses, like the common cold, are easily curable with bed rest, some tasty medicine, and a lollypop from the doctor. But some are not. So-called 'terminal illnesses' are not likely to be curable in the near future - in other words, the victim has a 99% chance of dying.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I am not talking about cancer. People with cancer have the so-called 5-year survival rate, which shows the percentage of people with that particular cancer that live for 5 years or more. The missing percentage is people that have died BECAUSE of the cancer - people that have cancer may be run over - they are killed WITH the cancer, not because of it. Cancer is not normally a terminal illness because there is a treatment - cut and burn and poison (cut the cancer out, burn it with radiation, and then poison it - using chemotherapy). It doesn't always work for all cancers, but there is a treatment - unlike terminal illnesses, where the best the doctors can normally do is give them something to ease the pain.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Far too many people have terminal illnesses. I want to just give a moment to wish the families of those victims well in the future.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">My grandfather (my dad's dad) died from dementia in 2011. I think of dementia as a semi-terminal illness as the victim is practically dead - they lose all their memories. It is not a terminal illness though.</p>

<h3 style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">Cancer</span></h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">One of my dad's work friends died from liver cancer earlier this year. Cancer is horrible, seriously horrible. Why does cancer exist? Smoking is one of the leading causes of cancer in today's world. The earliest known recording of cancer was in the Ancient Egyptian times, which was a painting that described a cancer of the breast.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Cancer also happens because of poor immune systems, like heart attacks.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">If people became healthier we might be able to avoid cancer, at least more than we can today.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Naked Mole Rats are immune to cancer because their immune system stops cells from growing above a certain size - so cancer cells can never multiply. Hopefully we can discover how to do that. One day...</p>

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff00ff;">LOSS OF A LOVED ONE </span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff00ff;">I am writing about this because something completely inspirational happened to me on the train today. I was calling my grandmother (on my mum's side) and the conversation that came about gave me the inkling that she was about to die. After I hung up, I burst out crying. One of the women comforted me for the remainder of the journey. It touched me that people aren't embarrassed to hug strangers.</span></p>

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #00ff00;">Awesome Articles</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">As always, in this part I write about some cool articles and websites I have found and want to share with YOU. I hope you enjoy!</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><a href="http://www.a4.org.au" target="_blank">Autism &amp; Asperger's Advocacy Australia </a></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This part is not an article, but rather a website. A4 is a network that operates on behalf of the people in Australia living with Autism or Asperger's Syndrome. You are able to register there, and I agree that the more members there are on the network the more people will notice and show their support.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">You can check it out at www.a4.org.au!</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;"><a href="http://www.aww.com.au/relationships/parenting-family/how-this-minecraft-community-is-saving-austistic-childrens-lives-one-block-at-a-time-20854" target="_blank">Minecraft &amp; Autism</a></span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The Minecraft Server, AutCraft, is a server for crafters with AS. I am probably going to be recording gameplay of this server as well.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><em>Liam Arbuckle, L Blog #2, 2016</em></p>