---
ID: 1112
post_title: Your Blog!
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/25/your-blog/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-25 08:28:06
---
<p style="text-align: justify;">Well, I think I have sorted out the Multisite. By tomorrow, hopefully members can have their own blog. Unfortunately, our host doesn't allow subdomains, which means that your domain will be like www.allianceofdroids.com/yourblog. This is not always convenient, as you can see that we have had to change the address of our posts to have the date in them as well. But it is a small price to pay so that you can have your own blog.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This means that you will not be allowed to blog about personal issues on this site, you should do it on your blog. Also, the MY DISABLED LIFE series may be moved. This site will be purely for the AoD in general and our posts. You departments will be located at www.allianceofdroids.com/yourdepartment, for example, so you should remember that.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Your site WILL be removed and marked as spam if you put abusive content on it, or let non-members blog on your site, especially under your account. All members should be signing up from THIS SITE, so that we can co-ordinate everyone.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">You are allowed to install and activate plugins and themes, like member plugins.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Make sure that you abide to these rules, and we assure you there are no hard feelings if you are given a warning.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Your blog can include the following things:</p>

<ul>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Your life (don't include peoples' names without their permission)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Your work in the AoD</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Things you are interested in (we ban stuff about encouraging terrorism, bullying, etc.)</li>
</ul>
We ban topics like encouraging terrorism, bullying, abuse, and we also ban ads, sexually explicit images and the like, and stuff like that.