---
ID: 1132
post_title: 'My Life in Science &#8211; Liam Arbuckle'
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/25/mls-la-1/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-25 14:21:05
---
First up, this post is in the Sp~S6 category because this shows the story of why I formed the Alliance of Droids &amp; decided to build a companion robot. It explains information that will be crucial to understanding me, the companion droids, and both of us as a whole.
<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">What is the My Life In Science Series about?</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">The MLS series is about myself and my passion for science. Other members are allowed to post their own MLS or My Life in... if they have permission. In this post I will talk about how my passion for science came about. In the next few posts, I will continue on this topic, with a brief overview of my experience. </span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">How did I get passionate for science?</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">It all started with a book that I got for a birthday present (I think). Actually, a couple - How to Catch a Star was one. The main one was Planets, by Seymour Simon, in 2006. It came with 3-D Glasses and I loved it from the beginning. It taught me a lot more than some other books have, even if they were for older kids. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">I loved it because it explained science to me in a way I understood, even at that young age. I remember reading it with dad, and by the time I was four and a half, I could read it by myself with no help. I read it to my Year 1 class for Book Week. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">I still treasure this book and it is still with me.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">I also became more passionate about science due to the excellent schooling I have now. My passion has only ignited even more since coming to Perth Modern. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">Science is special because there is never an end to what I can discover. I love astrobiology - I love most sciences. It makes science fiction even better. I can write stories about it. I can do experiments on science. I can make new discoveries.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><em>Liam Arbuckle, Alliance of Droids </em></p>