---
ID: 1593
post_title: L Blog
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/11/22/l-blog-2/
published: true
post_date: 2016-11-22 08:56:07
---
<h1 style="text-align: center;">Lots of News!</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Well, I have been doing a lot of work for my blog for today. Just for the record, I have been really busy doing some stuff for it, so that is why I have been unable to blog for a little while. I want to talk about a very important life lesson I have learnt, as well as reveal a lot more about myself, and finally do the "MY world views" and other regular things.</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">My Disabled Life - @liamod</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Most of you will know by now that I have High-Functioning Autism, but for those that don't, please check out the category My Disabled Life, which you will be able to find on our website. I want to talk a little more about how the Autism affects my life, and also the lives of those around me. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Firstly, a lot of people will know that Autism affects the subject's social and emotional skills. The same is true for everyone on the Autistic Spectrum, all the way from Low Functioning, to High Functioning (Asperger's), which is what I have. I do not think I am a bully, instead I believe that I react in my own way that I either think is appropriate, or I just bite back because I am fed up with it. This is not said to make me seem like a sweet little angel, because I, like every human, have my faults. Not all of these are caused by Autism.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">I hate people saying "You Autist," because even though they are just joking around (as they say), it is still incredibly rude because people like me will take offense. The way they say it shows not just that they don't even know the full severity of Autism, but they think of it as a bad thing, a curse. There are both good and bad things to Autism. But the good outweigh the bad, because in us, we have what no-one else has - we have a special way of thinking, of looking, of being <em>us</em>. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">We, and I am no exception, always have a special interest topic, for example, space, science, math, computers, gaming, sport. I have always been intrigued by space, and that has determined my dream job: a scientist. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">It is hard to truly understand, even the experts, what we feel on the <em>inside</em>. I am often incredibly bad with hiding my emotions, and I often joke that  my tear ducts have been ruined by all the balls that have hit me in the face. But many people with Autism are like this, and we almost always have trouble with others' social emotions. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">I want to say this: We are all human. We are all from Earth. We should not be separated by race, religion, wealth. We should become one species, not dozens of races. We should accept. We should forgive. #ToForgiveUMustAccept #WeRAllHuman </span></p>


<hr />

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #000080;">My Disabled Life - The Good Parts</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Probably the best part of my disability is that I know first-hand about my disability, and no-one else does (at least, only peeps with Autism :). This means that I have a unique view on the world, and can help people with my disability in ways that may possibly be better than the ways the professionals do their job. But that is not to say that we should be the professionals, because, as I said earlier, we find it hard with social situations, and the last thing we want is to mis-judge one of our patients. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">But the good thing is that we can have unique ideas, and put our ideas into real-life inventions. For example, the companion robot idea is not originally mine. But, my disability has given me a gift to make the companion robots <em>better </em>for people like me. It makes us able to help more.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Whatever we choose to be, we are all the same. That is what makes us special. We are all unique but the same. That is what makes us - well, us.</span></p>


<hr />

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">And...the bad bits</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">I don't want to give you the idea that I am perfect, or even worse, think that I am. I am not without my faults, and anyone who thinks they are should take a long, hard look inside, because as humans we are <em>never </em>perfect. I often overreact to situations, and I have compulsions to do things that I just cannot possibly overcome. And I get bullied.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">Being bullied has shaped me, and it has sort of made me someone I do not want to be. But if I was not Autistic, I would not have learned this major life lesson - that we can only be the best we can be, and that is enough.</span></p>


<hr />



<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">My World Views</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Now, the world is in a pretty bad situation right now, don't you think? But we <em>could </em>make it better, but only if we make it work, by working TOGETHER. Removing race and cultural prejudices and religious beliefs means that we can realize that we were all born from the same cloud of primordial gas, that we are all human. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Today, I want to talk about pornography and pedophiles. This thing, mainly on the internet, is horrible, but sadly real. I don't know why humans do this sort of stuff, but then looking at ISIS &amp; WW II, it sort of is obvious.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">In my opinion, porn is one of the worst things humans do over the net. For people who watch porn, especially males, it gives them the idea that it is okay to treat them the way they are treated in the videos. PLUS, a lot of these videos are filmed WITHOUT the permission of the female, and all of them should not be watched, especially for kids and teens.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">We should all work together to stop porn and child pornography, because it tears lives apart. Expect a full article on this sometime later today.</span></p>