---
ID: 1146
post_title: 'MLS &#8211; LA #2'
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/26/mls-la-2/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-26 10:20:48
---
<h2 style="text-align: center;">Last Time...</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Last time I talked about how my passion arose from random books and bed time reading. I talked about how I fell in love with science, and why it appeals to me. Today I am going to be talking about my first dream science job, which lasted from the age I was 4 to when I was 6. I hope you enjoy.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">[button size="default" url="http://allianceofdroids.org.au/blog/2016/10/25/mls-la-1/" open_new_tab="true" text="L.A. MLS #1" icon="" type="default" bottom_margin=""]</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">Being an Astronaut</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Being an astronaut was my dream from the first time I picked up the memorable book written by Seymour Simon in 2006, <em>Planets</em>. I often asked my dad if he had wanted to become an astronaut when he was my age and he had said yes. In his day, space exploration was only just proving successful, as he was born just after Yuri Gagarin left Earth. Like guys these days like cars and engines, back in his day everyone wanted to know if we could survive in space.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I always wanted to go to the Moon, and I often had dreams of commanding a space shuttle when I was only 5. I didn't know back then that space shuttles weren't used to go to the moon, but obviously I do now.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I dreamed of collecting moon rocks, finding signs of life on Mars and making new discoveries. I made rocket designs and played role playing games with dad. When I was 5, I did a presentation on the solar system, and I got an award for it. I was so proud of myself when my name was called out at the assembly. As it turns out, that was the first of many, many awards I would get at primary school, but we will go into that later.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">My interest in becoming an astronaut waned when I entered the first grade, when it was taken over by the guitar and rock star ambitions. But it was always in the back of my mind, and it remains that way today.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">In 2016, 9 years after I first read that book, I still want to be a scientist. The only reason I would go into space is to help grow a new colony on Mars, the Moon, Venus, or some other heavenly body. I want to make the world a better place.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This is important for the Alliance of Droids so that others can see the life autistic kids live and maybe learn more about themselves, which is what we aim to do.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><em>Shoot for the stars!</em></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><em>Liam Arbuckle</em></p>