---
ID: 1178
post_title: 'MDL &#8211; LA #5'
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/27/mdl-la-5/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-27 12:32:34
---
<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">This is an important post</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">This post is going to be about why i created the Alliance of Droids. It will also explain about some of my habits, and hopefully help you understand about me and other kids with Autism.</span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">The 23rd of December</span></h2>
<span style="color: #ff0000;">I was in Melbourne, visiting my family. The year was 2016. We had Fish &amp; Chips for dinner with my cousins and aunt. After dinner, Nicholas (@nickoyoshi) and I disappeared into the wild. He showed me around the giant park we had dinner at. Eventually, we got to the point where we trapped BB-8's evil cousin in a bottle - and then turned him into the Real BB-8 and released him into a tree. That was how the Alliance of Droids was formed.</span>

<span style="color: #ff0000;">At first we called it the Army of Droids, but I figured that Alliance sounded more diplomatic and less of a dictator style thingy. I was on board from the beginning, making plans for what it would be about. It probably seems like a sort of play-thing to you people, but Nicholas &amp; I were completely real about it. It meant a lot to me, because I wanted to be a part of something that <del>could</del> - would - become amazing, and be a major part of it.</span>

<span style="color: #ff0000;">After I came back to Perth, I got to work making the first website of the Alliance of Droids - with uKit. After two weeks, I couldn't edit or even view it ever again because it was a premium thing. I went to Wix and stayed there until Sean sponsored us for this site.</span>

<span style="color: #ff0000;">Nicholas was going into exams this year, so he was unable to contribute much. I understood that he was quite busy. But he is here now, and that is the main thing.</span>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">I wanted people to know about me and about people with disabilities. I was also due to start working on Sp-D2 in January with Ian. This gave me the idea if making droids an integral part of the AoD.</span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Since then...</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Since then, the Alliance of Droids has grown a lot. We have a huge member base and are doing a lot more than most people would've expected. We have built droids, raised awareness, but there is still a long way to go.</span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Our Droids...</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Droids are sort of like the official mascot of the AoD. The droids inspire feelings in me, of belonging, safeness, and more. Our robots are customized to reflect the needs and tastes of the droid buyer. We give people opportunities to have something unique, something <em>made for them</em>, something technically <em>made BY them.</em> This is why we make the companion robots.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><em>Liam Arbuckle, Alliance of Droids</em></p>