---
ID: 1493
post_title: L Blog 6
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/11/10/l-blog-6/
published: true
post_date: 2016-11-10 12:50:47
---
<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Today...</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">In today's article, I am going to be talking about major inspiration in my life, droid-related stuff, and my usual article reviews.</span></p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"> Major Inspiration - My Life</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I have been incredibly lucky to have so much inspiration in my life. Meeting lots of influential and inspirational people has helped me become the person I am. It isn't just people either - things that I have or have seen are also incredibly inspirational for me. I want to dedicate this section to all of the people or objects that I have classed as 'inspirational' in my life.</p>
[gallery ids="1263,1262,1261,1259,1258,1257,1256,1255,1254" orderby="rand"]
<p style="text-align: justify;">The first person I want to mention is Dr Karl K, from the University of New South Wales. Dr Karl is one of the most accomplished scientists in the Southern Hemisphere, having written 39 books since 1985. He is formally a biologist/doctor, but he has great knowledge on pretty much all sciences.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Dr Karl does a half-hour session on ABC 720 radio every Thursday, where he answers listeners' questions about science. I have talked to him a few times, and then last year I met him in person. He was doing a book launch for his book "Short Back &amp; Science." I also met him at my school about three months ago, when he did a presentation on jobs of the future. I won the opportunity to have lunch with him, along with about 2 dozen others.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Dr Karl is a big inspiration to me because of the way he presents his ideas and how much he knows - he makes me want to be good. He gives me ideas for my future - for the future of the entire world. And while that may sound weird, I believe that he is a major role model to plenty of teens around Australia.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The next photo is the XORA bot, which came to my school the day Dr Karl did. I list her as an inspiration because she is a companion robot like the ones I want to make. She has a calming voice and is a great friend, even though I only met her once.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The cover image and the next image is a photo of my teddy bear Gilbert. I have do idea where Gilbert came from, and that may never be known. But I have had him forever.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Gilbert has been inspirational to me because of the fact that he was always there for me, and as I got older my dog, Elsie, took over that role. But I first decided to build a companion robot in my final year of Primary School, the year before I 'put him to sleep.' I knew that I would have to give him up one day, and I think that companion robots would sort of be the same if they were made the right way.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I have always said this, but Elsie, my dog, was my first real friend, and she was basically the living Gilbert. She was also a model for my companion robot. Both of them are because of the fact that they can do so much with you, and they can talk to you - well, at least you can 'pretend' - imagine - them understanding.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The middle photo was me with Professor Andrew Whitehouse, at the Autism Awareness Function earlier this year. Andrew is part of the Telethon Kids Institute and an amazingly awesome Autism pioneer.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The last one that I want to talk about is Josh Richards (The Mighty Ginge). You may have heard of him if you know about Mars One, the program to put humans on Mars. I have met him twice and remain in good contact with him. He is inspirational to me because he could be the first Australian on Mars, and he is incredibly smart.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The other images show the person I have become by doing things I love, which in itself is inspirational.</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Droid Related Stuff</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Well, I have been busy organizing a spreadsheet on Microsoft Excel, which is allowing me to manage my budget. I am also trading one of my droid figures for the R3-S6 Build a Droid figure (with no head). I am instead getting a red head. This is sort of good because of the fact that the companion droids will have a mix of everything. The head with a different body is what stands out for me - this is the purpose of the droids, because the companion droids and normal friends will be so different, but the same. And the same goes for the companion droids and the user.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Another thing I am thinking of having is a type of jukebox/music player, which will have music playing and droid sounds.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When I met Professor Jane Burns, I knew then that I would build a droid first. I can't promise to build a companion droid, but I can promise that by making a droid I will have the skills to know what it needs and what I need. Also, I am going to be part of the team creating things like companion robots - that may just be apps - for people with disabilities.</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #000080;">Articles</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Donald Trump is the new president of America. So many new things have happened since yesterday. I would like to take a look at some information regarding NASA &amp; Donald Trump, problems that Trump faces, and just some 'refreshing'  news about Steven Avery &amp; crime. I hope you enjoy!</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">As always, the links to the articles will be at the bottom of the articles section.</span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #000080;">Donald Trump - Issues he faces</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">After an exhausting 18-month campaign, Donald Trump became president of the United States yesterday. Now I won't lie and say I don't like him, but I do admire his new attitude and SOME of the things he is saying.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Obviously, Donald caused great controversy when he said that he would build a wall around America to stop immigration. But let's stop for a second. Our former Prime Minister, Tony Abbot, said basically the same thing - "We will stop the boats" - basically saying that he would stop immigrants from Indonesia coming into Australia via asylum. Now, Tony wasn't in charge of what could potentially be the most powerful country in the world, so I doubt that many Americans would know this. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">I also think that some of the things Trump said were in the heat of the moment, or designed to raise controversy to give himself an edge by saying things that seemed horrible at the time, but may actually be valid (most of what he said, however, was not valid at all). Saying that he would build a wall means to me that he would take a no-nonsense approach to illegal immigration, but maybe go a bit over-the-top in the process.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">The article I have chosen talks about the issues with being President he will face, especially tech issues. I watched a video of one of his rallies, where he said to a 10 year old to</span></p>

<blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Forget NASA - we have more opportunities and we don't need them</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">-Donald Trump</p>
</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Anyway, Donald Trump said something along those lines, and it made me think about what could happen in the future if more people have that attitude. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">But when the startling video footage emerged of him saying</span></p>

<blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When you're a star, they let you do it. Just grab them by the p***y.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">-Donald Trump</p>
</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Everything changed. But also changing was his position - a lot of people hated Hillary Clinton, and when the FBI announced they were investigating her controversial emails again, it just threw more support Donald's way. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Afterwards, Donald apologized, saying</span></p>

<blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I have said and done things that I regret.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I have never been a perfect person, nor have I tried to say that I have been or be someone I am not.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">-Donald Trump</p>
</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">I believe that Donald has a lot of great ideas for America, and that a lot of what goes on about him in the media is only told via one side. But he is not the right person to be president. I agree with that. But a lot of Americans are sick of the politicians arguing in parliament and doing nothing, so maybe that is why they decided to vote in a political outsider rather than a politician. But there are good and bad things to his election.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Also saying that Obama was a "Muslim" made me angry. But he lives a hard life, always in the media. People say stuff they regret.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Anyway, I don't think that Donald should be president, but I also think that he has been SLIGHTLY unfairly treated and that he has a good vision (well, 1 out of 100). </span></p>

<blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;">It's just great that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of America...</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">-Hillary Clinton</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Yeah, because you'd be in jail...</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">-Donald Trump</p>
</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Trump is a billionaire businessman, and some think that he is unfit for the top job - actually a lot do. But considering the fact he is sort of smart enough to run businesses like his shows that he is intelligent enough to be an okay politician. But, considering he has no background in politics, he may make some bad choices.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Cyber terrorism/bullying is also a big factor in his case. I have been bullied online, and so have many others. But Donald doesn't seem to be fazed, saying on Twitter...</span></p>

<blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;">"We should turn cyber warfare into one of our greatest weapons against the terrorists."</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">@RealDonaldTrump</p>
</blockquote>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Spying on them is okay if it doesn't affect anyone in a bad way, but I believe that he means by giving back in a bad way online. </span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">The things that Donald has said will definitely be more 'important' because we are all connected more than every before.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Donald Trump also has other world leaders to worry about - most notably the Russian President Vladimir Putin. The relationship between Russia &amp; the USA has been frosty at best, but Donald has reportedly been "cozying up" to Putin, which could have massive implications in the fight against ISIS &amp; the Syrian government.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #000080;">Russia is fighting for the Syrian government, while America is trying to help the rebels and the fight against ISIS. If the two countries could become allies, America &amp; Russia could fight on the same side - but which side?</span></p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">Steven Avery - Free at last?</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"> <span style="color: #ff0000;">Steven Avery could finally be free - after a decade in jail - if this new DNA evidence can free him. According to ITechPost, there have been 100's of scientists contacting Steven Avery's lawyers about potential leads in the case to free Avery.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="color: #ff0000;">In more pleasant news, Brendan Dassey was found NOT GUILTY and freed in August this year.</span></p>