---
ID: 187
post_title: Member Perks 1
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/08/14/mp1/
published: true
post_date: 2016-08-14 15:25:40
---
<p style="text-align: justify;">On the main page of this site, I mentioned the member perks that YOU can get as members. There are quite a few, and we are selling the "PREMIUM" perks on our e-commerce site, which will be up and running in about two weeks.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Donations help power these perks, and we are proud that about 85% of our current members have committed to donating $30/year. Note that you do not have to donate to be a member, although it is a nice gesture.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Major perks like member laptops &amp; tablets are long-term goals, with our members having to pay a fee for their tablet/laptop of choice. The Council (more on this later) pays for a large amount of the cost as well.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Some of the other member perks that you can earn are things that show your prestige. We are talking about badges, pins, gemstones, and a sash. I will explain how these work later in this post.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Non-members that sponsor us get a special hand-crafted (or badge, pin, etc.) item that shows that they sponsored us.</p>


<hr>

<h3>The Sash</h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The sash will be where you pin all your badges &amp; pins. You can also get a belt, which can hold your gemstones.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The materials you can choose from for your sash include:</p>

<ol>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Leather</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Felt</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Cloth</li>
</ol>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The prices for the different sashes vary, as the demand and country you live in can determine how much you pay.</p>

<h4 style="text-align: justify;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">SASH SECTIONS</span></h4>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When you become a member of a department, you should order a special clip-on section for your sash that will represent your department. The badges that you earn in these departments can go into these sections. You also have square sections for your member pins.</p>


<hr>

<h3 style="text-align: justify;">The Belt</h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The belt holds all of your gemstones and some special badges/pins. We charge a high price for these belts at the moment, as we can't find too many belt-makers that have what we require. But it is worth it!</p>

<h4 style="text-align: justify;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">GEMSTONES</span></h4>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Gemstones are earnt when you become a department specialist. We have a range of gemstones that we will talk about in a future post.</p>


<hr>

<h3 style="text-align: justify;">BADGES &amp; PINS</h3>
<h5><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Time-based&nbsp;pins</strong></span></h5>
<ol>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Inductee Pin (white) (when you become a member)</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Bronze Pin (Bronze) (2 month long member)</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Silver Pin (Silver) (6 month long member)</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Gold Pin (Gold) (Year-long member) *Get one of these each year you are with us*</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Metallic Blue Pin (Metallic Blue) (First AoD Anniversary (23/12))</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Metallic Red Pin (Metallic Red) (Second AoD Anniversary)</li>
</ol>
<p style="text-align: justify;">You can get these pins from our e-commerce shop. To prove that you have earnt these, we need to have proof that you are who you say you are. Give us your username for PayPal when you sign up so we can see that you are able to get these pins.</p>

<h5 style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Department Badges/Pins</strong></h5>
<ol>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Science Department (Starry) - Pin for member, Gemstone for specialist (zebra stone), Badge for LEADER</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Gay Pride Department (Rainbow) - Pin for member, Gemstone for specialist (amethyst), Badge for LEADER</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Gaming Department (Yellow) - Pin for member, Gemstone for specialist (citrine), Badge for LEADER</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Yearbook &amp; History Department (Orange) - Pin for member, Gemstone for specialist (topaz), Badge for LEADER</li>
	<li style="text-align: justify;">Member Manager, Transport Manager, Treasurer (Black) - Pin for member, Gemstone for specialist (obsidian)</li>
</ol>
<ol></ol>
More departments will be added on request.