---
ID: 216
post_title: 'Member Perks 2 &#8211; Member PC&#8217;s &#038; Tablets'
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/08/16/mp2/
published: true
post_date: 2016-08-16 08:33:56
---
<h3>Member Perks Post 2</h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">We are back in this series with another post on the member perks. Today I will be talking about the laptops &amp; tablets you can get when you are in the Droids Council or are nominated for one.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">These tablets can be used for your personal use as well, but are mainly for the Alliance of Droids work. We are trying to get our own tablet made, or our own app. We will be giving these tablets to people who are needing them. When you sign up, you must say if you have a tablet or PC that is less than three years old and will be able to run our app. We do this to know about how many people have tablets so we can order them for the people that need them the most.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">All members of the Droids Council are able to get their own tablet, but if they already have one that is three years or younger, we ask that they pay for 25-50% extra (than our discounted price) for a tablet, unless they can sell their current tablet/laptop to us.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Specialists and Leaders of Departments are also able to get their tablets/laptops, but the same rules apply.</p>

<h4 style="text-align: justify;">Types of Tablets</h4>
<ol>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Surface Pro 1/2/3/4 (Windows)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Surface 1/2/3 (Windows)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Samsung Galaxy Tab A/B (Android)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">iPad Air 1/2 (iOS)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">iPad Mini 1/2/3 (iOS)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">Sony Xperia Tablet (Android)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">ASUS Transformer Book/Pad (Android)</li>
 	<li style="text-align: justify;">**More will be added on request**</li>
</ol>
Thanks for reading!