---
ID: 1537
post_title: L Blog 7
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/11/14/l-blog-7/
published: true
post_date: 2016-11-14 08:59:15
---
<h1 style="text-align: center;">My Blog!</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Well, over the past few days I have been quite busy, preparing for school tests and stuff like that. But the main thing is that I am back now. I have a book I want to review in this post, as well as talk some more about a new category for our robots. I will not be taking a look at any articles today though!</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">[button size="default" url="https://www.facebook.com/DroidsAllianceBlog/" open_new_tab="true" text="Please 'Like' our FaceBook page!" icon="" type="default" bottom_margin=""]</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">[button size="default" url="http://allianceofdroids.org.au/register/" open_new_tab="true" text="Join us today!" icon="" type="default" bottom_margin=""]</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">The Alchemist - Book Review</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: center;"><em>Michael Scott</em></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I got this book back in 2011, and I have read it heaps. It is a great book with a unique storyline. Unfortunately I can't give much away without spoiling the book, but I will tell you a bit about the book - as much as I can, anyway.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Basically, magic is real, and so are the beings - Elders - that have gods based off of them. Humans have grown lazy and therefore lost all their senses ages ago, but some Elders can bring back this power - Awakening them. And two 'ordinary' twins, in America, are special. They have the two rarest auras - gold and silver - and are about to be awakened, by the Elder known as Hekate, the Three-Faced-Goddess.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Working together with Nicholas Flamel, the immortal, they strive to defeat and disarm the Dark Elders - Elders that want to take over and rule as they once did. Together, they meet Mars Ultor (The second book, The Magician), Bastet, and many, many others in this thrilling six-part series - The Alchemist, The Magician, The Sorceress, The Necromancer, The Warlock, &amp; The Enchantress.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I think that the way Michael Scott combined magic with ancient religion was unique and inspirational.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This book is great, and you should read it!</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">Comment below if you have read it and what your favorite part from it was!</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #0000ff;">Personal</span></h1>
<h2 style="text-align: center;">I have a Ponytail!</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Well, it is the start of one, anyway. I decided to start wearing it to try something different. It is about two inches long and comes out of the back of my head. Check out the Facebook Page &amp; my profile soon to see the photos!</p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">I am making gaming videos now!</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I have been practicing my recording skills for a little while, and am now ready to start recording my own videos now! I will be known as AceDroidCrafter and you will be able to check out my videos on YouTube or this website.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I will be recording MineCraft videos, including on the server Tiki-Craft &amp; maybe some others. I may also do some minigames gameplay on servers like MinePlex.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I may also do some videos on Take on Mars, Space Engineers, and mobile games.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I may be invited on the server AutCraft, for Autistic players. Stay tuned!</p>


<hr />

<h1 style="text-align: center;"><span style="color: #00ffff;">CDroids Updates</span></h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">One of the new things about our CD's is a new category, known as ideas. This category will house all of our ideas about our CD's, including previous ideas. The purpose of this is to make it easier to find our ideas and our actual build logs. We will also have a build log category as well.</p>