---
ID: 948
post_title: 'Liam Arbuckle – My Disabled Life #1'
author: LIMODROID S2-rd🔭🔬
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://allianceofdroids.org.au/aod/2016/10/18/liam-arbuckle-my-disabled-life-1/
published: true
post_date: 2016-10-18 10:23:08
---
<h1>Introduction</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">My name is Liam Ross Arbuckle. I was born in Melbourne, Australia, in 2002. I was diagnosed with Asperger Syndrome Disorder (High-Functioning Autism) in December 2013. I am 14 years old now, and I am also the current co-leader &amp; co-founder of the Alliance of Droids, which was formed in December 2015.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I live in Perth, and most of my family live in Melbourne. I get bullied a lot at high school, but I enjoy the lessons and the journey that I have been through. I have learnt a lot of lessons by being who I am, and I am no longer ashamed to be Autistic. I am proud to be who I am, which may sound like a cliché, but that is the truth. I have a twin sister (just saying, the odds of being born a twin in Australia – 2007 – is 1 in 67), and although I say she is annoying about 70% of the time [I am awake], I love her and my parents, and I am pretty sure they would say the same thing about me.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This is the start of my series about blogging about my life being disabled. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoy!</p>

<h1>Original Traits of Autism</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Soon after my family moved to Perth in January 2004, my parents started seeing traits of Autism in me, although of course they probably never thought it was Autism, they may have just thought it was just something that I would eventually grow out of. Both are sort of true, which I will explain about later.</p>

<h2>OCD-like traits</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Contrary to popular teenager belief, OCD is not just wanting to have everything symmetrical. Its official name is Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, which in non-doctor talk means that these people have compulsions to do things, like line things up in a specific order, or having everything symmetrical. A compulsion is basically your brain telling you to do something, and for me it feels like I would explode if I don't do it. It's sort of like knowing not to go onto the train tracks, but in this case it is something completely random, and you won't explode or die if you don't do it. It can also be things that make you incredibly uncomftarble, and you need to do it, but this time it is physical as well as mental. People who don't have OCD, Asperger's/Autism, AD/HD/ADD, or another mental disability, will find it hard to understand this.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Another trait of OCD is having an obsession, or a group of obsessions, that dominate your life. Like with Asperger's, the person in question may love other subjects, but have one or two FAVOURITE subjects that they are <em>obsessed </em>with. Sometimes these obsessions go out of fashion, and this is usually because of the aging process, or because they discover new things. I used to want to be an astronaut (more about that later), but now, understanding that I probably won't make an amazing discovery and it would take years of training, I want to be a scientist. I will still be helping people with understanding space and science, and I will probably make a new discovery myself.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When I was little, I had a very special numbers book, including numbers from 0-1000. It may have been the reason why I am so interested in Math. It showed objects that represented numbers, and I was instantly attached to it. I have so many memories of taking it almost everywhere I could with it, and having my mum or dad reading it to me. I liked them to read it to me, even though I could read by then (I was only two but could read – a trait that is common among people with ASD), because I liked to have company. I also liked to show them my understanding. I still have that book.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I also loved lining things up. I used to play with a jar of buttons, that mum used for sewing. I have since lost it, but I remember hiding it in my secret places, asking mum to make button teddies with me, and more. I have a collection of buttons that I have since found that were (probably) from that jar. I still love buttons, because they do a lot of things that help us, including clip our pants together – won't go into that!</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Since I was about three, I have been obsessed with space, astronomy and science. This was probably because of a book, called the Planets, that I will talk about later. It actually had a lot of information in it that I couldn't find it some adult/teenager books with the same topics.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When I was given a Unicorn by my grandmother – I was about 4 - [on my mum's side], I had a burning obsession with unicorns. It was more of a collection phase than anything else. I remember losing the unicorn (but not the crystal that used to be inside it) when I bought it to my first primary school.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I loved making complicated solutions. In that unicorn incident, I remember telling another kid in Kindy to get a footy, and kick it. This would (conveniently) hit someone else on the head, and they would help me look for it. I still have some of the unicorns and treasure them because it reminds me of that time.</p>

<h2>Early Diagnosis</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Around this time, I remember attending appointments with a man who told my mum I had traits of Autism. My mum listened and understood, but having not been a mother for very long, she, like most mothers, let it slip her mind. I do not mean by that that she forgot about it or didn't care, I mean that she had more important things on her mind, including starting university, so she didn't have time for me to get formally diagnosed.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I briefly met that man again in Year 5, 2013, because the full extent of the bullying, isolation, and loneliness was discovered by my parents. He suggested getting a formal diagnosis, and my mum agreed. We never saw that man again, but I was diagnosed in December that year. I learnt early the next year that there was something different about me, but it wasn't until I heard mum talking to my guitar teacher about the diagnosis that I finally understood – at least, enough to know what to research.</p>

<h1>Primary School – Leeming P.S. &amp; Banksia Park P.S.</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">My first year of primary school, when I was four, was at Leeming Primary School. Neither me or my sister enjoyed it, so my parents started looking for another school. Our neighbour, R.Clancy, told them about a school that she was a year 1 teacher at. I believe it suited me much better, and the bullying, while terrible at B.P.P.S, was probably going to be the same anywhere.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">So I settled into Pre-Primary at Banksia Park. I remember not wanting to eat at all when the 'fruit plate' came around to my group, and sometimes pretending to be asleep so I could get out of some 'boring' activities.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Up until about year 3, I didn't get bullied very much. But in Year 3, all hell broke loose.</p>

<h2>Year 3 – The Awakening of Bullying</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I got bullied because I had a crush on someone in the other Year 3 class at first. Then I got bullied because I was different; one of the bullies had ADD himself. I found myself questioning my belief in myself, and my self-esteem plummeted. I was constantly being picked on by others.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">When I started Cub Scouts, I enjoyed that so much that I started telling all my friends to come around to it. Unfortunately, one of the kids in my class (he wasn't a bully, but he was pretty annoying and was often a feeder for the bullies) joined Scouts too. I remember him trying out the 'V-Word' on the Scout leader. Eventually, though, we did become very good friends.</p>

<h2>Year 4 – Best Teacher Ever, and More Bullying</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">In Year 4, my class was a split class – Year 4/5. Mr Ding took us for everything except science and social science (which the Deputy Principal &amp; Sports Teacher, Mr Carvajal, took), and health, which was taken by another Year 4 teacher, who taught on Monday. This was also my first year not being in the same class as my sister. Mr Brown took her for Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. At the time of writing I now go to a different school than the one my sister goes to, and I think that has both its advantages &amp; disadvantages.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Unfortunately, Mr Ding retired at the end of the first semester. It was widely known he was going to be retiring. I remember one of the Year 2 teachers carrying food to the Library and saying it was the Food Train for Mr Ding's Retirement Party. I later learnt that he had asked to not have a party, because he had one the year before, before deciding to stay on for another year.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Mrs Turnbull took us for the rest of the year. She was no Mr Ding, but she still was pretty good. She was pretty nice and loved science, and I had a lot of fun with her.</p>

<h2>Year 5 – Out of Control, Long-awaited diagnosis</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">In Year 5, I had a relief teacher for the whole year. The original plan was for the actual teachers to spend the first semester on long service leave, but halfway through the second term they retired. We were stuck with the relief teacher, who I never really liked.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I was diagnosed with Autism shortly after school finished, after meeting with countless doctors and paediatricians.</p>

<h2>Year 6 – Graduation Year, Science Award, &amp; Goodbye!</h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I had known since halfway through Year 4 that I would be graduating in Year 6, instead of Year 7. Until 2014, everyone in Western Australia graduated in Year 7. I was the part of the first group to graduate in Year 6, and graduated with the last group of Primary School Year 7s in Australia.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">It was announced to my teachers that I was Autistic in the third week of that year.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">I was also elected as Faction Captain for Red Faction for the First Semester, and I loved working in the Sportshed. I even got to do a speech when Red Faction won the Cross Country that year, and I came third in the 3-kilometre race. I have photos of that in my yearbook.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">At graduation, I won the Academic Achievement Award, which was my fourth and my third in a row (Year 2, 4, 5 &amp; 6). It was a record in my school, and I also took out the Science Award for Best in Science in the graduating year. I remember joking around on stage that I wouldn't get it, because I didn't want to get my hopes up.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">After the graduation assembly we had cake in the Library, where we signed each other's' yearbooks. Then we had a water gun battle at the local park.</p>

<h1>End – Of Part One</h1>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This post was the first in the series of Liam's Disabled Life. I hope you enjoyed it. I will be going into more detail in future posts, but this one was just so that you could get the details about my life. Keep an eye out for the podcast that I release about my life, and feel free to share your story. I would love to meet others who have disabilities and I think that giving people the confidence to talk about themselves in this way is a great thing.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Thanks for reading.</p>